[Channel 0] 
Hi, I'm good. How are you? I talked to him like 2 days ago. It's OK, no. OK, alright, you can put them through. Oh, OK. Wait, did you start the triage already? You didn't start the note. OK, so I'll do it then so that there's now 2 notes then, because I I have to start one anyway. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Hi, Willie. This is Paula, one of the nurses taking over for the call. How are you? I'm good, just I'm taking over for the call here. So it looks like you were calling about your Ozempic. OK, alright. Are you having any? Oh, go ahead. OK, yeah, I know, I know. We spoke a few days ago and umm, the provider and he added the insulin with meals and umm, increased your, your umm, the long acting The Lancet to 16 units. And then we added the six with meals, umm, plus the sliding scale. So you've been doing all of that stuff? Correct. Yeah. So it's the three times with meals and then at bedtime as well, OK. OK. OK, alright. So what I can do is I can send a message over to the office, maybe they can schedule an appointment for you to go in and just, you know, go over your medications and and then as far as the Ozempic, I think there was something about that it required a prior authorization. So the best bet, I think at this point would be to have somebody in the office, when the office is open, either call you and go over stuff more in depth with you, or they can bring you in for an appointment just to go over your medication regimen and make sure that there's not any other changes that need to be made. Oh, and it looks like you have an appointment on Thursday, OK. Right, so I would continue doing what what you've been doing and then just call the office in the morning cuz the, the the office can reach out to your endocrinologist when the office is open and he can review, review your chart what you're currently doing for your diabetes and make any recommendations. Correct. Are you having any symptoms right now or has anything changed? OK, alright. So yeah, I'll forward the message to the office and have somebody contact you in the morning so that they can discuss with your provider and see if, umm, they need to make any other changes. OK, alright. Is there anything else I can help you with? Alright, well thank you for choosing Saint Luke's. I hope you have a good rest of your night. You're welcome. Bye. 

[Channel 1] 
Hi Paula, How are you? Good. OK, so I have a patient, Willie Robinson 10/12/81. Oh, OK, yeah, I do see your name here. OK, so now he's calling because he is saying that, umm, his vacation was not at the pharmacy, but I do believe the one that he's calling from is Ozempic. So I think it's a prior authorization. So I told him I will send a message to the office for that. But he's concerned because his blood sugar is not going down from 27077, umm, 67. All right, I'll go ahead and send a message to the office regarding the Ozempic. No, Nope. Alright, alright, perfect. Thank you. Hello, Willie. Hello, yes, thank you so much for holding. I have got Ola on the line. She will be assisting you from here. She's one of our nurses, OK? How's y'all? Yes and also the fact that my blood sugar is still high. Like what am I supposed to do with still a 267? I ate at 6:00 and that's it. I ate at 6:00 and I'm like, it's still kinda hot and so I've been taking the insulin. I just wanna make sure. I'm just trying to make sure I'm doing anything else supposed to do. Right branches. But yes, plus the bedtime, right? Anything over 150, that's at bedtime too, right? I wanted to confirm that OK, right. And I've been doing everything plus whatever is over 150 at at the mills and all that and like, right, like I'm saying, it's still, it's at in the mid 2 hundreds, 267 right now. Umm, I've been, uh, tracking what I've been eating all day so I've been writing everything down, so OK, OK. Right, I do so until the between time. In the meantime, it's like just keep doing that's I'm just making sure because I'm just so just keep doing what I'm supposed to be with y'all saying do, but I'm just calling just because it's like hot now. So it's nothing. Just keep doing the same thing. You said, so just call the office in the morning, basically. No, not really just of the fatigue a little bit, but not much other than that. And, and like I said, uh, my vision was blurred. OK. No, that's it. Thank you. You too. Bye bye. 