[Channel 0] 
Thank you for calling Saint Luke's, Connecticut. This is Maddie. How can I help you? OK, I can help you with that. Alright, And then what is Gilbert's date of birth? Alright, and then a good call back number for you. OK, great. Thank you so much. I'm just gonna get Gilbert's chart pulled up here. And are you Emily? OK, great. And then how are you checking his temperature? OK. And what temperature did you get? And when did this start, this low temperature? OK, he did have a fever today. OK. Let me just bring up the pen, the protocol here. And how is he acting otherwise? OK, yes. OK, good. OK. And is he drinking anything right before you're checking his temperature? OK, just wanted to check. Umm, and is he wearing like layers and he's still like coming up with these lower temperatures? OK. Should be OK, alright. And any other symptoms that he's having, like is he shivering? I did. Was that him just coughing or? Oh, sorry, sorry. Oh, jeez. OK. Are you noticing any any bluish feet or like like bluish color to his feet or his hands? OK, good. I'm not shivering, alright. And this is a weird question but you know, it just wants me to ask umm, he wasn't outside at all or anything like that. OK, I know I sounds a strange question, alright. Alright, so at at this point, umm. Because you know, he's not shivering, uh, his temperature isn't below 95 and he, you still feel like he's acting himself, like he's not sounding confused at all or like acting like very sick, like decreased activity. I know it's like almost midnight. So he's tired, but umm. OK, good. Yeah, that's very reassuring. Umm, I would say at this point you can probably still keep him home. Umm Y&Y you did take all the wet clothing off and like his wet bedding and everything so that's great. Umm, it does say here it it recommends that a warm bath, you know is the quickest way to warm up. Umm, but don't get his head wet just cuz you know the wet hair can make him even more cold. Umm, you can try putting even more warm blankets on him. You can pre warm them in the dryer if you'd like to, that may help. Umm but usually it says here, you know, they don't really feel like they need to be seen in the emergency room unless they're below 95° umm, So definitely keep checking on him. Umm after you use more warm blankets, you can even offer some warm fluids. I don't know if he'd really be interested in that, even like hot chocolate or like warmed up apple juice. If he's interested in that, you could try that. But uh, if his temperature goes below 95, definitely give us a call back. Umm, or if you feel like he starts to act differently, like if he's like acting confused, if you're, or if you notice like his hands or his feet are blue. OK, alright. Does that help or do you have any other questions? Yes, below 95, but definitely, you know, you can try warming up some blankets in the dryer and wrapping them up even more to really bundle him. Like I said, you could try the warm bath, but he just wouldn't be able to get his head wet. And I don't really know if at this time he'd really be up for that. OK, and then I'll, for I'll put all this information in his chart so that way the pediatrician's office can see it. Umm, let's see, he normally goes to Harleysville Pediatrics. OK, perfect. Yeah, and we're here all night, so if anything changes, don't hesitate to give us a call back. OK? Alright. You're welcome and thanks for calling. I hope he feels better soon. Oh, you're welcome. 

[Channel 1] 
Hi, yes, I'm calling for my son Gilbert Isabel. I called earlier tonight actually and about a low temperature concern. May 27th, 2019, 267, 885-4224. Yes. An oral thermometer. His most recent temperature was now 95.9. We first noticed it around 9:30. He had had a fever of 101. No, I mean right now today 101.5 umm before bed. So we gave him the ibuprofen and then umm, my husband went to check on him at 9:30. So he was given ibuprofen at 8. Umm, he was checked at 9:30 and he was drenched in sweat. So we changed his clothes and, but he, we took his temperature and he was at 97.1 umm, But then, and we thought that was kind of low, but we checked again in a little bit afterwards and then it was 96 eight, it went down to 96.3. That's when I called last and umm, the nurse had told me to check it in half an hour. Umm, And so we did and it was at 96, but I wanted to wait a little bit just to see if maybe it would go back up again. So we waited another 15 minutes and now we're at 95.9. Umm. And so basically I'm just trying to to see at what point should I be taking him to the hospital? I mean, he's very sleepy because, you know, it's the time, but he is right now awake. So his eyes are open, he's smiling, he makes, he's making sense. But it, you know, it's just that it just keeps dropping. No. Umm he's wearing a long sleeve shirt and sweatpants but I have him under 2 blankets like too fizzy blankets and my husband's also with him so he's he has the ability to be getting warmer. No, not SH, no, that was me. Sorry. We've all been dealing with this whole virus and he's just the one that's hitting the hardest with the fever. No, his feet didn't look bluish. His hands didn't look no, his FA, his feet look normal. You know he not that he has like a whole ton of color in his face, but he's his ears are cold. He's just, you know, he's doesn't look blue. Yeah, he wasn't. Right. I mean, it's I, he's, it's going back and forth. I, it's kind of actually surprising that he perked up a little bit now because he's been, so, you know, you know, 'cause he's wants to go to sleep. He's been hard to, you know, keep up to try to take his temperature or he's falling asleep while I'm trying to take his temperature. But he's, he's awake now. He makes sense when like he knows where he is, he can answer questions. Umm. Yes. OK, OK NN no. So I just wanna wor. I just wanna I if it goes below 95. OK. OK, OK. Yes. OK, great. Thank you. No problem. Thank you. Goodbye. 